README.md, before:

---
# Discipline-Chan

A lightweight productivity timer with a small attitude problem.

Discipline-Chan tracks how you spend your time — and reacts accordingly.
Work consistently, and she approves.
Procrastinate too long… and she becomes visibly disappointed.

[![Buy Me A Coffee](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/assets/img/custom_images/orange_img.png)](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/moun4u)

<br/>
---

## 🚀 Overview

Discipline-Chan is a Chrome extension designed to:

- Track productive vs. non-productive browsing
- Encourage at least 1 hour of focused work per day
- Visually reflect your discipline level
- Make productivity slightly more entertaining

👉 Available here:
[Discipline-Chan on GitHub](https://github.com/moun4u/Discipline-chan-official)

<br/>

---

## ⏱ Core Features

<img src="/resources/images/guide/all.png" align="right" height="500">

### 💤 Goofing Timer

Tracks time spent on non-approved websites.

### 💼 Working Timer

Tracks time spent on approved work sites.

### 🔥 Daily Streak

Work at least **1 hour per day** to maintain your streak.

### 📈 Weekly Graph

See how productive your current week has been.

### ⚙ Controls

- Pause both timers
- Reset goofing time
- Add or remove work sites

Time is automatically categorized based on your site list.

<br/>

---

## 😠 The Anger System

<img src="/resources/images/guide/angry_maid.gif" align="right" height="300">

Discipline-Chan reacts primarily to your **Goofing Timer**.

- Small distractions → mild annoyance
- Extended procrastination → visible frustration
- Excessive time wasting → full disciplinary mode

Work for at least one hour and her anger resets.

Professional? Maybe.
Judgmental? Absolutely.

## <br/><br/><br/><br/>

## ⚙ Customization

<img src="/resources/images/guide/settings.png" align="right" height="200">

You can:

- Pause both timers
- Reset the goofing timer
- Set the time required to reach maximum anger
- Adjust how strict the system feels
  <b>
  Make her forgiveing. <br/>
  Or don't.
  <b/> <br/> <br/>

---

## 🌐 Work Site Management

<img src="/resources/images/guide/siteList.png" align="right" height="300">

- Add the current website to your work list
- Remove sites anytime
- Only listed sites count as productive time

Yes, this means social media is not “research.”

<br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/>

---

Commit message:

Add support link and fix formatting in README
Added a donation link to support development and made minor formatting adjustments.

README.md, after:

---
# Discipline-Chan

A lightweight productivity timer with a small attitude problem.

Discipline-Chan tracks how you spend your time — and reacts accordingly.
Work consistently, and she approves.
Procrastinate too long… and she becomes visibly disappointed. 

This project is free. If you’d like to support development, you can do so here:
[![Buy Me A Coffee](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/assets/img/custom_images/orange_img.png)](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/moun4u)

<br/>
---

## 🚀 Overview

Discipline-Chan is a Chrome extension designed to:

- Track productive vs. non-productive browsing
- Encourage at least 1 hour of focused work per day
- Visually reflect your discipline level
- Make productivity slightly more entertaining

👉 Available here:
[Discipline-Chan on GitHub](https://github.com/moun4u/Discipline-chan-official)

<br/>

---

## ⏱ Core Features

<img src="/resources/images/guide/all.png" align="right" height="500">

### 💤 Goofing Timer

Tracks time spent on non-approved websites.

### 💼 Working Timer

Tracks time spent on approved work sites.

### 🔥 Daily Streak

Work at least **1 hour per day** to maintain your streak.

### 📈 Weekly Graph

See how productive your current week has been.

### ⚙ Controls

- Pause both timers
- Reset goofing time
- Add or remove work sites

Time is automatically categorized based on your site list.

<br/>

---

## 😠 The Anger System

<img src="/resources/images/guide/angry_maid.gif" align="right" height="300">

Discipline-Chan reacts primarily to your **Goofing Timer**.

- Small distractions → mild annoyance
- Extended procrastination → visible frustration
- Excessive time wasting → full disciplinary mode

Work for at least one hour and her anger resets.

Professional? Maybe.
Judgmental? Absolutely.

## <br/><br/><br/><br/>

## ⚙ Customization

<img src="/resources/images/guide/settings.png" align="right" height="200">

You can:

- Pause both timers
- Reset the goofing timer
- Set the time required to reach maximum anger
- Adjust how strict the system feels

<b>
  Make her forgiveing. <br/>
  Or don't.
<b/> <br/> <br/>

---

## 🌐 Work Site Management

<img src="/resources/images/guide/siteList.png" align="right" height="300">

- Add the current website to your work list
- Remove sites anytime
- Only listed sites count as productive time

Yes, this means social media is not “research.”

<br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/>

---
